Hey, Ji Ho.
I just got here.
Okay, take your time.
Welcome.
Did you guys find each other?
Hey.
What is this? I thought it would be just two of us.
Look who's talking? You didn't tell me she was coming.
You wouldn't have shown up if I told you.
Why are you sitting on the same side?
I don't want to see her face.
What is she talking about?
Hey, I...
have something to say to you.
What is it?
It's something I have to tell both of you.
All right. Here.
Let's have water first.
What is it? Did something happen?
What is it? You're making me nervous.
What's going on?
Guys...
I...
We'll look into the inflow after we apply SEO.
Do you have anything else to note?
(Tell acquaintances)
Yes?
During the last team dinner,
how many of you...
betted on my sexual orientation?
What bet?
Why would we do such a thing?
We don't bet on things.
Do we look like we have nothing better to do?
Gosh, I'm speechless.
Who made a bet on I'm gay?
Who thought I was straight?
How about asexual?
Congratulations, Bo Mi.
I'm getting married.
What?
Mr. Nam?
What is he doing?
- Getting married. - Married?
Pay up. It's 50 dollars.
Mr. Nam, can we talk?
You're joking...
because you're mad that we made a bet, right?
Am I right?
Did you pay 50 dollars?
Hey. You're getting married? A real wedding?
Marriage? Wedding? Holy matrimony?
Yes.
Is it with a woman?
Don't lie to me! How can you get married?
An asexual can't get married.
Do you think I'll believe you? It's a fake wedding, isn't it?
You can't fool me. Gosh.
She's pretty.
- She's pretty? - Yes.
Very.
Se Hee's in love.
Se Hee finally found love!
- You're getting... - Married?
With the landlord?
Are you surprised?
Since when did you start dating?
Dating?
We dated for about a month or two.
Does that mean you dated as soon as you moved in?
I guess so.
You dated from then?
Yes.
Then why didn't you tell us?
You told us there was nothing between you two.
Right?
Yes. I thought it was strange how strongly you denied it.
That's because we were just starting it out.
It was embarrassing to tell you.
But you're getting married so soon?
Yes. Well...
There are a lot of people that get married fast.
That's other people.
You're Ji Ho.
What about me?
It takes you months to get close to someone.
It's strange you'd get married so fast without warming up.
Isn't it strange?
A relationship...
doesn't just rely on the time they've known each other.
The thing is...
Although we only met recently,
I felt that he was someone I need in my life...
Need?
Well...
It may sound strange I'm saying I need him...
when he's a person,
but what I mean is...
I got it. I know why you're getting married.
What?
Ji Ho...
You fell in love at first sight, right?
You fell for him as soon as you saw him. Right?
It happens in movies and dramas. It was like fireworks, right?
Yes. That's right.
Really?
It just happened.
As soon as I saw him, he had me.
That's why you're getting married so fast.
Yes.
I think it might be fate.
- Fate? - It's perfect.
My gosh.
I think it might be fate.
I must be crazy.
After writing a few dramas,
I'm getting better at acting.
Let's go. That way.
Did you tell your coworkers?
Yes. We had an all-staff meeting,
so I was able to do it in one go.
What about your colleague you were worried about?
It was easier than I had anticipated.
I took advantage of the nature of male evolutionary psychology.
Pardon?
What about you?
They are your old friends, so you were worried.
I was able to do it in one go as well.
What kind of tactic did you use?
I told them...
What?
I was... I was lucky.
I used a storytelling method.
I didn't know being a writer would help at a time like this.
I see.
(Nam Hee Bong)
Shall we go in then?
Will you be all right?
Yes. I'll do my best.
Your mother must have watched my dramas,
so I think it'll be okay.
Your father, on the other hand...
You don't have to pay attention to my father.
The landlord's mother, Cho Myeong Ja.
She's from Jongno District in Seoul.
She was born in 1955.
She wants to be seen as a good wife and a wise mother.
She's a stay-at-home mom.
Are you here?
- Have you been well? - Yes.
She wants her son's marriage issue to be taken care of fast...
in order to find peace in the family.
She's a typical mother character who always opts for what's safe.
This is Ji Ho whom I told you about.
- Hello. - Hello.
- Wasn't it hard coming here? - Not at all.
I'm not sure if you'd like these...
My goodness.
There's no woman who would hate flowers.
They smell great.
I haven't gotten a bouquet in so long.
I'm an expert at handling a character like her.
I'm glad I worked on daily dramas for a long time.
Your father went on a trip with his friends.
He's coming from the airport now.
- Take a seat. - Okay.
All right.
The landlord's father, Nam Hee Bong.
He taught students as a civics teacher for 30 years...
until he retired last year after serving as a principal.
(Respect your teacher, love your pupil)
He's a typical educator character.
I'm an expert with these characters.
I think this will be easier than I thought...
Are you home?
I didn't know. I thought it was because you were a tenant.
It's natural for an engaged couple to visit each other's homes.
Did you think we wouldn't understand?
Right, Honey?
Right?
Thank you for understanding.
I was so flustered then.
I know, it's okay.
Wouldn't it be nice for the guy to step in and explain?
The men in my family are too shy.
It's not a bad thing, though.
They're the type to take good care of you without saying anything.
What do they call it again?
Tsundere?
Did I get it right?
Yes, I know. My family is from Gyeongsang Province.
Really? Where?
Namhae.
Going to Seoul National University from Namhae is so rare.
It's hard to get admitted even if you live in Seoul.
Right?
Why do you want to get married?
What do you mean why?
Youths get married because they like each other.
What kind of question is that?
You graduated from a good university.
If you're a writer, you must have a lot of passion about your career.
Why do you want to get married so suddenly?
You even quit.
- Well... - That's enough.
You were pushing Mom to pressure me.
What are you doing now?
I wasn't asking you.
Well, the thing is...
Se Hee and I haven't known each other for long, but...
Don't couples these days...
- call each other something else? - Pardon?
You're 30, not 40.
Why do talk about your boyfriend like that?
Is this an interview?
I'm asking what I'm entitled to. Don't overact.
Why would you ask why we're getting married?
Can't a father ask?
Honey.
I love my honey.
(Episode 5: Because This Is My First Promise)
(Mom: Are you having a good weekend with Ji Ho?)
Are you having a good weekend with Ji Ho?
I was so touched that day.
I didn't know you two were in so much love.
- Gosh... - Son, I love you!
- Are you going to work out? - Yes.
It's a late lunch.
Yes, I slept in.
I must have been tense when we went to see your parents.
Yes, you must have been nervous.
Yes, I think so.
If you were so nervous,
how could you say that?
Pardon?
I love...
my honey.
Did you learn to say that line from writing scenarios?
I was surprised by your bold choices.
Well...
Your father seemed like the type...
that likes things straightforward.
I see. But that was quite unexpected.
I'm surprised that it worked out.
He's not the type to believe such words.
I thought he's been...
waiting for such words.
I think he wanted to check.
I think he wanted to check if I'm the right person for his son.
In that kind of situation, there's nothing straightforward...
than saying I love you.
That's right.
It's also something really easy to say.
Now, we just have to see each other's family tomorrow.
Right. So is that the end of every process?
Yes, if nothing else happens.
I'm sure nothing will happen.
I'll get going.
Goodbye.
(Is everyone busy today? Shall we have dinner together?)
It's pretty.
What is?
The fine dust.
- Do I sound crazy? - Yes.
Am I crazier than Ji Ho?
No.
Soo Ji, is Ho Rang okay?
What did she say? Did she ask if I'm okay?
Yes.
Did I not seem okay when she was saying it?
Was it that obvious that I was jealous?
No, just a little bit.
Ji Ho, wear the dress I got you when you meet his parents.
Okay?
I know this can sound weird,
but I'm sorry to get married...
at this moment.
I knew it.
Just feel sorry until today, okay?
Why would she feel sorry? It's not like she's marrying my husband.
How innocent of her.
Hey, you've never seen him, right?
Who are you talking about?
Ji Ho's husband.
You know nothing in detail, do you?
How would I know?
We have to know in details about him before they get married.
That innocent Ji Ho isn't marrying some scammer, is she?
Let's ask Won Seok when he comes back.
He must know a lot about him.
What is it?
Are you two still fighting?
He hasn't come home for five days already.
You can't return it?
They'll never take it back.
Aren't you going home?
I drank 23 bottles of soju for the past 3 days.
I feel like my organs are destroyed and my lever melted down.
I can only go back if I have home. Where can I go back to?
Go back to the rooftop house you got under your name...
but with your girlfriend's deposit.
I'm not going back! I'm really upset this time.
Do you know how hard I tried to get that sofa?
I sold that wireless keyboard I love to the secondhand shop.
Why was she so upset though?
You bought the sofa she wanted.
If sofa's not the answer, then what is?
I don't know. How can I keep up with her temperament?
Or could it be something else...
other than the sofa?
I can't believe he really got you this sofa.
Won Seok's so...
pure. He's really innocent.
Gosh, but this sofa is great.
He really is pure.
I tried so hard to make him dirty...
when he was a pure engineering student for more than seven years.
But I got it wrong.
I guess he can't be changed.
Then why don't you just ask him to marry you?
Are you crazy?
Why not? The person who wants to get married fast should say it.
I don't want to.
I don't want to seem desperate.
- A marriage proposal? - That's right.
Listen. She wanted a sofa, and a matrimonial home,
and talked about her colleague. That means she wants to get married...
like her colleague in a matrimonial home where she can put the sofa.
That must be it.
No, that's not true. No way.
What do you mean? I thought you've been seeing her for seven years.
People normally get married after that long.
Sang Goo, Ho Rang is not an ordinary girl.
Do you know what she did for me when I was writing my thesis paper?
She looked after my professor's dog when he went on a vacation.
And she even helped with his kids' homework.
She must know well what an important phase I'm going through now.
Marriage? Gosh, you're only saying that because you don't know her.
Oh, my goodness. We missed that part.
She's mad because the sofa used to be displayed in the shop.
My gosh.
- That must be it. That's it. - That's right.
How did you figure that out?
Gosh, we missed that part.
My gosh.
- Gosh, it's bitter. - Have this soup.
It's because it was displayed.
Yes, Mom.
- Aren't you sleeping? - What is it?
Are you coming tomorrow morning?
Yes.
Oh, it's just...
I had something to talk about with the meeting tomorrow.
Is this Ji Ho? What is it?
Dad, where's Mom?
I don't know. She just passed the phone to me.
What is it? Did something happen?
It's...
Okay, Dad. Safe trip tomorrow.
Okay.
- You're here. - Yes.
- Was it your dad? - Yes.
I told him that we're not going to have a wedding.
I did too.
- Oh, really? - Yes.
I thought it'd be better to tell this ahead,
so nothing special will happen tomorrow.
Did your parents take it well?
Yes, they did.
Thankfully,
Dad didn't have much to say about it.
I think it's because my brother hasn't had a wedding yet.
- I think that helped a little. - I see.
My mother didn't say much too.
I think the actual price of wedding must have shocked her much.
That's great.
Well,
after the meeting tomorrow,
there won't be any other expenses, right?
Yes.
After tomorrow,
let's wrap up with the final contract.
Sure.
By the way, how did your mother react?
What does your mother think?
- Pardon? - I've thought about it,
and realized your mother...
had no special opinion from the last time we saw her.
My mom...
My mom usually doesn't have much opinion.
I told you already that our family is totally patriarchal.
Talking about opinions, I think your father has not much too.
- What does your father think? - I'm not interested.
Sorry?
At 5pm tomorrow? I'll be at the bus terminal then.
Okay.
Wear thick clothes since it's cold in Seoul.
Of course!
Mom, don't forget to take medicine for nausea.
Why isn't mom saying anything?
She even put Dad on the phone.
Mom, are you sleeping?
I am sleeping.
How can she message me back if she's asleep?
What is it?
It feels like she's holding a grudge against me.
Marriage is a major life event.
We are now in a very special relationship.
Speaking of which, why don't I pour you a glass?
- That sounds good. - Okay.
Don't you think our kids are smart?
I was a bit sad when they said they didn't want a wedding ceremony.
But everyone is feeling the recession these days.
I think they are very sensible.
I'm glad you think that way.
- Let me pour you a one. - Thanks.
I appreciate it.
I can imagine her being really smart...
to get into Seoul University all the way from Namhae.
That's not true. She's just like everybody else.
She's very polite too.
Yes, like everybody else.
Not like the young ones these days,
she's so innocent and kind.
That's not true.
She's just like everybody else.
I see.
She's just the same as everybody else.
She is immature like everyone in her age.
She is also a bit selfish.
She's just one of the young ones.
I don't think she's different from them.
Okay.
You shouldn't have said something unnecessary like that.
Please let me pour you a glass too.
That sounds good.
It's a great day today.
Right?
Thank you.
Did you pay for it?
Yes.
I've read that it's better to pay for the first family meeting...
before leaving the place.
Should we calculate everything at the end of every month?
Splitting every time is a bit of hassle.
Today will be the last time we need to pay for things anyway.
Let me take care of this today.
No, you can't.
This is an expensive place.
Your parents had to come all the way to Seoul.
We have to count their transportation expenses and efforts.
I see.
We just need to announce and introduce each other's families.
It's just taking several steps and things are done.
Getting married is actually easier than I thought.
Honestly, I was worried...
because I thought my family wouldn't take things well.
I knew it was going to be this easy.
- Really? - Yes.
We are quite a good combination of two people.
Although on loan, I have a house.
You went to a good university, but you don't have a job.
I'm sure those play a part in their decision making.
I agree with the former one.
But what do you mean by the latter one?
They want someone well-educated as the family of teachers.
But they don't want to look up to their daughter-in-law.
You satisfied my parents' hypocritical needs...
unintentionally.
I never thought me being unemployed as a graduate of a good school...
could bring such a great synergy effect.
That's a good thing.
I'm glad.
What?
What did I say?
Why are you like this today?
Are you drunk?
Yes, I am. I'm a little bit drunk.
I'd love to say what I want to say since I'm a bit drunk.
We don't want to marry off our daughter in such a way.
What do you mean by that?
I want them to do what everybody else does.
I want them to have a wedding.
They finished talking about it all.
We think the same.
They should have a wedding.
Have you gone senile?
Are you sick or something?
My menopause is right around the corner.
Why are you like this?
Do you want to ruin your own daughter's marriage?
What am I ruining?
They sounded cocky first.
What did they say?
They are such nice people.
They said she wasn't like the other young ones.
They said she was innocent and kind.
That's a compliment for a woman.
They said it's better for her to stay home and raise a kid...
since it costs more if they both work.
That's actually true.
Besides,
how could they think she looked like me?
You and Ji Ho look exactly the same.
Did you not know that?
[VIU Ver] E05 Because This is My First Life
"Because This is My First Promise"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Mom.
Why are you like this?
When we went to Yong Hyun's wedding,
you told me the wedding was just a noisy and money-spending event.
We had a family meeting and introduced each other.
Why do we have to have a wedding?
I feel like they are looking down on us.
Do you think it's a good thing they think you are innocent and kind?
That means they want you to listen to them all the time...
and have no opinion. Did you know that?
It feels like they are looking down on you...
because you are living with him before getting married.
Why are you so twisted?
It's true that they are looking down on you.
Let me ask you more.
Why do you...
want to get married?
What do you mean?
Is it weird to get married even though I'm 30?
What about your work?
Are you not going to write?
I'm not going to write anymore.
I quit.
You chose the marriage as your job.
You are not actually getting married then.
Why? There's nothing wrong with that.
Do you think I paid for your college tuition for this?
Is this what your dad gets after paying for you that much?
How can you just become like this?
What can I do?
Did you think I could become someone?
Did you expect me to give you money...
if I become a famous writer?
Yes, that's what I wanted.
I'm so frustrated for what I did for you.
I paid your college admission fee,
and I even gave you more money without telling your dad.
Give me back all your expensive clothes you wore for the rehearsals.
You didn't even find a nice one either.
You couldn't even get a bag like everybody else.
How stupid you are.
How can I get anything from them when I have nothing to give?
What do we have?
You can't even afford a place for me to stay.
You should feel guilty about what you are saying now.
Writing?
That's what you can do when you have a good background.
If you don't have any money, all you can do is just sleeping.
You can't dream of anything.
Your dad is being considerate about her and her family.
Guys don't care much,
but girls do want to wear a dress.
You are never considerate,
and I thought that's how you live your life.
You can tell him that's what I said.
What Se Hee wants to say is...
that he doesn't want to hold an expensive wedding for others' sake.
My daughter-in-law isn't a stranger.
Tell him that.
Well...
So what your dad wants to say is...
It's a happy day when we greet our new family member.
We should all gather together and congratulate your wedding.
Just say that you want to take back what you paid for others' weddings.
That would make it sound more trustful.
Se Hee.
You must want to brag about...
how well you raised your son...
and how well-educated your daughter-in-law is.
I'm not getting married to save your face.
You promised that you'd never threaten Mom with divorce...
and that you'd stay out of my business if I got married.
Keep it.
You're not even holding a wedding ceremony,
and you call that a marriage?
I won't accept it.
Calm down, and go.
Just go.
I thought you had a Korean course meal for dinner.
It's been digested already.
Are you really not going to hold a wedding ceremony?
I'm jobless,
and he has to pay back his loan.
It'll be too much of a luxury.
Don't you want to wear a wedding dress?
What about wedding pictures?
I don't know. Both of us don't put much importance in those things.
Ji Ho, a wedding ceremony isn't for just the two of you.
Your opinions don't matter.
You know why you hold a press conference before you make a drama.
The investors and broadcasting station won't suffer a loss...
if you draw people's attention by doing so.
A wedding ceremony is just the same.
That's why I don't want it.
Why...
And my parents aren't investors.
Of course, they are.
Your mom said similar stuff. She must've said it in a fit of temper,
but she must want to be compensated by some means...
even if it's not money.
Right, I want to see you in a dress, and she must want it more than I do.
I don't have any money to pay for my wedding.
Neither does my housemate.
By the way, why do you keep calling your fiance as your housemate?
Did I?
Yes, twice.
Did I? Why did I do that?
Are you...
playing some kind of role play like a tenant and landlord?
"Your rent is overdue."
"I'll give you a lesson tonight."
Gosh.
You're crazy.
No way.
"Your bath runs only cold water?"
"Then I'll heat it for you..."
- "with my body." - Gosh.
- You silly. - Goodness.
- That's crazy. - That's not it, you crazy brats.
Goodness.
- You're not wearing a bra again? - No.
What's wrong with you?
- Why would you not wear it? - Hey.
Think about it. All day long, I have to squeeze...
my healthy chest like this by wearing a bra.
Don't you feel it's suffocating?
Let go or I'll kill you.
I'd feel much at ease to go to work if I wouldn't have to wear...
Ji Ho, Mom wants to know your boyfriend's number.
- Give us one more beer, please. - It's okay.
I thought you wanted to get drunk today.
I'm drunk enough.
Your neurons are so rational to feel tipsy with 500ml of beer.
They're nice.
Why don't your neurons work rationally about your marriage...
when they do regarding drinking issues?
- What do you mean? - Weddings are for collecting money.
People get so excited even if they pay for their own meals.
I told you so many times that it's such a strange event.
You hold your wedding by collecting money from people.
You'll benefit from this anyway.
I have no intention on being my parents' tool to collect money.
Do you want to suffer all your marriage life because of this?
Or do you want to live in peace after bearing it for two hours?
You sure you can put up with their nagging for the rest of your life?
Just do it. It doesn't cost that much money to hold a wedding.
Shall I make an estimate for you?
- No, thanks. - Okay.
I won't give you a wedding gift, so don't buy me a meal for this.
I know a place that provides dresses at a cheap price.
Skip the traditional wedding.
Okay, it'll cost about this much.
I said, it's okay.
It'll cost only this much?
If you ask your acquaintances for help, it can get lower than this.
Ask him.
Who on earth is he that he's been sleeping here?
He's been sleeping here since yesterday.
He's that guy. The one who introduced you to Ji Ho.
Hey, wake up.
Be careful.
Well...
Nice to meet you.
I'll make a mobile wedding invitation for you, so don't worry.
Did you persuade your mother?
Did you persuade your father?
- Why don't we... - Why don't we...
Go ahead.
Why don't we...
just hold...
a wedding ceremony?
Make sure you stabilize the app within this week.
You all know that we're having a company dinner this Monday, right?
Who does company dinners on Mondays? I have a plan already.
This is the strong point of our liberal company.
Be a CEO yourself if you don't like the idea.
I don't think I can join the company dinner this time.
You're not allowed to miss it unless it's family business.
I have to attend a wedding in the evening that day.
A wedding in the evening of Monday.
What a nice date selection.
What kind of people are they that they're getting married on Monday?
- Whose wedding is it? - It's my wedding.
So I have to attend it.
It's the cheapest day.
You're the host for my wedding.
By any chance, can you not make it because of the company dinner?
She said she wore it only once, and it does look brand new.
Thank you. Tell her that I'll treat her to a meal for certain.
Are you going to be okay? It's a used dress.
It's for wedding pictures, so it's too bland. It's not flowing either.
I'll wear this for about an hour anyway.
It's pretty.
All wedding dresses look the same to me.
I can't believe it. Are you color blind or something?
It'll be held in the evening of a weekday. Will there be many guests?
Most of them will be our parents' guests. Ours won't be that many.
The landlord...
Se Hee invited his colleagues.
Will there be someone nice among his friends?
You know, I haven't dated a man for a while.
It must be your sexual life, not dating.
Do you not like the mister whom you were seeing before?
Did you block him?
He looks all right, but he's too distracting.
Oh, right. Ho Rang.
I called Won Seok because of my wedding.
Is that right?
I guess he drinks every day these days.
He didn't sound so good.
Is that right?
Are you not going to call him?
Why would I call my ex-boyfriend? It's clingy.
He didn't call me more than a week, so I thought he wanted to break up.
I'm going on a blind date next week.
All right.
Which concept do you want? Romantic, traditional, or comical concept?
- What is this? - Choose a concept for your wedding.
Are you going to sing?
No.
Something old-fashioned like doing push-ups and stuff...
is more exciting in wedding ceremonies indeed.
I can't wait.
Don't do anything.
What?
All right.
Which concept do you want? Romantic, traditional, or comical concept?
- What is this? - Choose a concept for your wedding.
Are you going to sing?
No.
Something old-fashioned like doing push-ups and stuff...
is more exciting in wedding ceremonies indeed.
I can't wait.
Don't do anything.
What?
There's only one thing you can do.
To get over with the wedding as quickly as possible.
What is this about?
That's the only wedding you'll have in your life.
And you want it to end fast?
Yes, I want my wedding to be short and typical...
so that no one would remember it.
Please do that for me.
He must be planning something.
What are you going to wear as a groom?
- I'll just wear a suit. - Okay.
What about our parents' hanbok?
My parents are going to borrow from their relatives.
My mother has one already.
I see. It's much more simple than I thought.
Are we done now?
The most important part.
- Our contract. - Oh, right.
What we have to agree on...
We have to talk about the costs.
And the contract termination.
Right.
Like we discussed last time,
we will each pay for family events and holidays.
Is that okay with you?
Yes, I'm good with it.
Let's terminate the contrast after two years.
If there are any unexpected events, we will discuss again.
- Is that okay with you? - Yes.
By the way, how will we...
end the contract?
What I mean is... Are we going to get divorce by mutual agreement?
Of course we're not going to register our marriage,
but we've told our friends and all...
Yes, I suppose that's what's going to happen.
We will end the contract by getting a divorce.
On the outside, we'll tell people we agreed to get divorced...
due to our differences.
How does that sound?
I like that. That'd be okay.
All right.
What did you bring me late at night?
Mom brought some food for you last time.
I couldn't give it to you because you just left.
Mom asked for your boyfriend's number.
Tell her you don't know and that I didn't give it to you.
What's she going to talk about with him?
What has gotten into Mom all of a sudden?
Why is she acting so strange?
I was a little surprised too.
I thought Mom wouldn't be like this.
I was shocked when she talked about the wedding and a designer bag.
I know.
Don't worry. You only need to go through the wedding now.
I'll take Mom and Dad safely.
- See you there. - Bye.
Ji Ho.
By the way,
I think I kind of know why Mom's behaving like that.
Getting married...
isn't as simple as you think.
You'll know what I mean once you get married.
He's talking as if he's been married for more than six years.
It's only been six months.
According to the sociologist, Gary Becker,
people only get married if it brings more benefits...
than being single.
I thought getting married...
was simple.
It's what people who calculate benefits can do.
But for us,
there's no affection.
So I thought it's something...
more simple.
Shall we?
Sure.
It suits you better than I thought.
Thank you.
What? There's traffic?
- How long will... - I think there's an accident.
I think it'll take more than an hour. What should we do?
An hour?
Ji Ho, get going first. You'll be late otherwise.
Okay then. See you later.
What should we do?
My friends who were supposed to pick us up are going to be late.
I was checking the traffic condition and there's been an accident.
I think we should go by taxi first.
- Otherwise, we'll be late. - Okay, let's do that.
That bus goes to the wedding hall.
I know.
Taxi will cost us much.
- Shall we run? - Okay.
We'll be there in time, right?
Yes, we have enough time.
By any chance,
do you think you need a handkerchief?
Pardon? A handkerchief?
I mean, my friend told me I must bring a handkerchief.
He told me I have to wipe the bride's tears...
with my handkerchief when she cries.
I'm going to cry?
I thought so.
That won't happen, will it?
Of course.
You shouldn't worry about it.
Why would I cry? I'm not that type of person.
Okay.
That's a big relief.
Hey, Ji Ho.
You look so beautiful.
Ji Ho!
- You're here. - Ji Ho!
Oh, my goodness. You're so beautiful.
I knew you'd be beautiful, but it's beyond my expectation.
Please sit down with her. I'll take a photo for you.
- Okay. - Okay.
You're so beautiful.
Hey, your groom looks so much better in person.
I thought you don't care much about looks.
I know. I was so surprised. He's really tall too.
Really? Is he tall?
Hey, did you put on a waterproof makeup?
Does it have to be waterproof?
Your makeup will be erased when you cry later.
So brides must wear waterproof makeups, don't you know?
I'll take it now.
1, 2.
Thank you for coming.
- Hello. - Welcome.
Hello.
- Congratulations. - Congratulations.
Goodness, you didn't have to give that much.
Hello.
Go on in.
Where are you going?
To the restroom.
The bride went to the restroom.
Is that so?
Do you have anything to say?
No, I don't.
Then why are you coming out from there?
I thought it was a bathroom.
Mom.
Why did you ask for his number?
Why?
Can I not ask my son-in-law's number?
I wonder what you are going to say to him.
What?
I'm even doing the wedding as you wanted.
So you can stop talking about stupid things to him.
If you do that to him again,
I will be really upset.
Did you hear me?
I wish...
you could have a daughter like you.
- The ceremony will start soon. - I see.
By the way, Is that black bag Se Hee's?
Yes, why?
Your mom asked me about it. She wanted to give something to him.
Did my mom say so?
Yes, she put something in that bag.
I knew she was going to do that.
What is it?
Nam Se Hee and Yoon Ji Ho's wedding ceremony...
will start soon.
Please be seated.
Se Hee.
What?
What? Why?
How should I know?
Excuse me.
Ji Ho.
I'm Ji Ho's mom.
I don't know how to call you yet.
We haven't met many times.
I'm sorry for how I behaved at the first family meeting.
She's my first daughter, you know.
She's like my husband sometimes,
and she's also like my friend.
She's scared of her dad,
and she had to give up a lot because of her younger brother.
Because she met someone like me as her mother,
she has gone through a lot.
Thankfully, not like me, she's really smart.
(Certificate of Award)
I was relieved because I thought...
she was not going to live like me.
I guess,
being smart is nothing...
if you don't have a rich family these days.
Se Hee,
can you please do me just two favors?
If Ji Ho says...
she wants to write in the future,
can you let her do that?
I will do the house chores if that helps.
So...
if she ever wants to write again in the future,
please don't let her give up on her dream.
I don't want her to live like me.
Please do that for her.
And...
it's hard for Ji Ho...
to stop crying when she starts.
So...
please don't let her cry alone.
Even though you make her cry,
just be with her when she's crying.
Se Hee, you have to go now. What should I do?
You can go.
I can take care of myself.
Please go first.
Se Hee, I'll be with her.
You should go first now. They are waiting for you.
Where's the tissue?
What should I do with her makeup?
Stop crying, Ji Ho.
Is it hard to...
stop crying?
If that's the case,
we should go together.
It's okay to cry.
Let's go together.
I'll be right next to you.
I'll be with you.
I thought getting married was...
going to be simple.
This is...
where we meet our needs.
Maybe, it could be...
where our hearts meet.
Something that's not simple...
just started.
(Because This is My First Life)
Are you talking about us?
Yes, I'm talking about us.
Goodness. We should leave right away after taking the picture, okay?
- Hey, Shortie. - Are you talking about me?
- You should move next to the bride. - Why would I say hi to her?
I'm an introversive person.
I like him saying, "us".
Are you saying you get aroused?
- "Us". - "Us".
I really love you.
But I'm not sure what marriage is.
Is loving someone...
as same as getting married?
She's your ideal type, Se Hee. We want to add her to our data.
She's really pretty.
Ji Ho will pick the path that will make her happy.